interface interface_id
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
end
show port
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
interface interface_id
switchport port
end
show port security
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
switchport port
show port
show port
show port
show port
interface type1
switchport
switchport trunk encapsulation
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
mls rate
do show mls rate
configure terminal
mls rate
end
show mls rate
interface type1
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
interface type1
switchport port
end
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
end
show port
interface type1
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
 interface
 switchport
 switchport trunk encapsulation
 switchport mode trunk
 switchport nonegotiate
 switchport port
 do show port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport port
do show port
 interface
 switchport
 switchport mode access
 switchport port
 do show port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport port
do show port
 interface
 switchport port
 do show port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
 interface
 switchport port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
 interface
 switchport port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
 interface
 switchport port
 end
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
end
show port
 interface
 switchport port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
 interface
 switchport port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
 show port
show port
show port
show port
config t
port
no port
config t
port
port
no port
config t
port
config t
no port
exit
port
config t
port
config t
port
config t
no port
config t
port
no port
swwn
pwwn
no pwwn
nwwn
pwwn
pwwn
pwwn
no any
config t
port
no port
config t
port
config t
port
port
port
port
no port
clear port
clear port
clear port
clear port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show running
clear port
configure terminal
feature port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
clear port
show port
switchport port
configure terminal
clear port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
feature port
int e1
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
copy running
feature port
int e3
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
copy running
feature port
int po10
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
vpc 10
copy running
feature port
int po10
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
vpc 10
copy running
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet1
switchport mode access
switchport voice vlan 22
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet1
switchport port
show port
copy running
interface gigabitethernet1
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
interface gigabitethernet1
switchport mode trunk
switchport port
switchport port
interface tengigabitethernet1
switchport access vlan 21
switchport mode access
switchport voice vlan 22
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
port
swwn 20
pwwn 20
port
port
port
no port
clear port
clear port
clear port
clear port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
switchport port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
switchport port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
no switchport port
interface type1
switchport
switchport trunk encapsulation
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
mls rate
no mls rate
do show mls rate
configure terminal
mls rate
end
show mls rate
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
end
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
end
show port
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
interface type1
switchport port
no switchport port
do show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
do show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
errdisable recovery cause psecure
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
no switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
clear port
show port
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
switchport port
show running
copy running
config t n1000v
interface vethernet 36 n1000v
errdisable recovery cause psecure
errdisable recovery interval 30
show running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
switchport port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
no switchport port
interface interface_id
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
end
show port
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switchport port
configure terminal
snmp
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
switchport port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 3
switch port
show port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure terminal
interface fa5
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
show running
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
configure terminal
interface fastethernet 5
switchport port
clear port
clear port
clear port
configure terminal
vlan sec_vlan_id
private
exit
vlan pri_vlan_id
private
private
exit
interface interface_id
switchport mode private
switchport private
end
show port
show port
configure terminal
vlan 6
private
exit
vlan 3
private
private
exit
interface fastethernet 3
switchport mode private
switchport private
switchport port
configure terminal
vlan sec_vlan_id
private
exit
vlan pri_vlan_id
private
private
exit
interface interface_id
switchport mode private
switchport private
switchport port
end
show port
show port
configure terminal
vlan 6
private
exit
vlan 3
private
private
exit
interface fastethernet 3
switchport mode private
switchport mode private
switchport port
interface interface_id
switchport trunk encapsulation
switchport mode trunk
switchport port
vlan
end
configure terminal
interface g1
switchport trunk encapsulation dot1q
sw mode trunk
switchport port
switchport port
show port
show running interface gi1
configure terminal
interface g1
switchport trunk encapsulation dot1q
sw mode trunk
switchport port
vlan
port
exit
show port
configure terminal
interface g1
switchport trunk encapsulation dot1q
sw mode trunk
switchport port
switchport port
vlan
port
port
port
exit
show port
interface interface_id
switchport mode access
switchport port
end
show port
show port
configure terminal
interface fa5
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
show running
configure terminal
interface fa5
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
show port
show running
show interface status err
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show running
show vlan private
show port
show mac
configure terminal
vlan 2
private
show mac
debug port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
switchport port
configure terminal
interface ethernet 1
switchport port
configure
leaf 101
interface eth 1
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure
leaf 101
interface eth 1
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure
leaf 101
interface port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure
vpc domain explicit 1 leaf 101 102
exit
template port
exit
leaf 101
interface eth 1
channel
exit
exit
vpc context leaf 101 102
interface vpc po4
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet0
storm
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet0
storm
configure terminal
errdisable detect cause small
errdisable recovery cause small
interface gigabitethernet0
small
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport protected
configure terminal
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport block multicast
switchport block unicast
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport mode access
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport mode trunk
switchport port
switchport port
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport access vlan 21
switchport mode access
switchport voice vlan 22
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
interface gigabitethernet0
switchport private
switchport mode private
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
configure terminal
feature port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
clear port
show port
switchport port
configure terminal
clear port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
feature port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
clear port
show port
switchport port
configure terminal
clear port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
feature port
int e1
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
copy running
int e103
switchport port
copy running
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
port
port
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
no port
exit
port
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
no port
configuration terminal
port
no port
swwn
port
swwn 20
pwwn 20
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
port
configuration terminal
port
port
port
port
no port
clear port
clear port
clear port
clear port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
show port
configure terminal
feature port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
no switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
clear port
show port
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
switchport port
show running
copy running
configure terminal
interface ethernet 2
switchport port
show running
copy running
feature port
int e1
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
switchport port
copy running
int e103
switchport port
copy running
show fcsp
fcsp timeout 60
show fcsp dhchap
fcsp dhchap hash MD5
fcsp dhchap group 2 3 4
show fcsp dhchap database
show wwn switch
show flogi database interface fc1
fcsp dhchap devicename 20
show port
port
port
pwwn 20
port
port
show port
port
port
pwwn 20
port
port
no port
port
port
port
port
port
port
no port
port
port
port
show fabric
fabric
fabric
swwn 20
fabric
fabric
fabric
no swwn 20
fabric
fabric
fabric
swwn 20
fabric
fabric
